README.md, before:

# Race Registration Frontend

This frontend is a demo race homepage and registration form. Below is a list of steps in the process, features, tech, and other resources that I used to create it.

---

- created [vite + react](https://vitejs.dev/guide/) app using **npm create vite@latest race-registration-app**
- selected **react** framework
- opened race-registration-app directory
- updated default port to 3001 in vite.config.js
- installed [tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/guides/vite) with **npm i -D tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer**
- created and configured tailwind and postcss .config.js with **npx tailwindcss init -p**
- created navigation component
- installed react router with npm i react-router-dom
- created components for about section, testimonial cards, and buttons
- added mapping to cards component for testimonial cards data display
- created footer component and displayed register and login buttons
- implemented react router and added layout, outlet, and screens - helped by [docs](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/start/overview) and code from [this tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDB4uaJ87e0)
- added Signin.jsx and Form.jsx components to login and register screens
- added RegDetails.jsx component and submission screen for displaying registration details
- installed axios with **npm i axios**

---

Commit message:

auto focus added to form component

README.md, after:

# Race Registration Frontend

This frontend is a demo race homepage and registration form. Below is a list of steps in the process, features, tech, and other resources that I used to create it.

---

- created [vite + react](https://vitejs.dev/guide/) app using **npm create vite@latest race-registration-app**
- selected **react** framework
- opened race-registration-app directory
- updated default port to 3001 in vite.config.js
- installed [tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/guides/vite) with **npm i -D tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer**
- created and configured tailwind and postcss .config.js with **npx tailwindcss init -p**
- created navigation component
- installed react router with npm i react-router-dom
- created components for about section, testimonial cards, and buttons
- added mapping to cards component for testimonial cards data display
- created footer component and displayed register and login buttons
- implemented react router and added layout, outlet, and screens - helped by [docs](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/start/overview) and code from [this tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDB4uaJ87e0)
- added Signin.jsx and Form.jsx components to login and register screens
- added RegDetails.jsx component and submission screen for displaying registration details
- installed axios with **npm i axios**
- added focus upon load to form componenet - helped by code from [this tutorial series](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0Zuz27SZ-6PRCpm9clX0WiBEMB70FWwd)

---
